Update automatic compaction docs with consistent terminology (#12416)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`dimensionsSpec`|Custom `dimensionsSpec`. See [Automatic compaction dimensionsSpec](#automatic-compaction-dimensionsspec).|No|
|`transformSpec`|Custom `transformSpec`. See [Automatic compaction transformSpec](#automatic-compaction-transformspec).|No|
|`metricsSpec`|Custom [`metricsSpec`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#metricsspec). The compaction task preserves any existing metrics regardless of whether `metricsSpec` is specified. If `metricsSpec` is specified, Druid does not reapply any aggregators matching the metric names specified in `metricsSpec` to rows that already have the associated metrics. For rows that do not already have the metric specified in `metricsSpec`, Druid applies the metric aggregator on the source column, then proceeds to combine the metrics across segments as usual. If `metricsSpec` is not specified, Druid automatically discovers the metrics in the existing segments and combines existing metrics with the same metric name across segments. Aggregators for metrics with the same name are assumed to be compatible for combining across segments, otherwise the compaction task may fail.|No|

> |`ioConfig`|IO config for compaction tasks. See below [Automatic compaction ioConfig](#automatic-compaction-ioconfig).|no|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ioConfig`|IO config for compaction tasks. See [Automatic compaction ioConfig](#automatic-compaction-ioconfig).|no|
```

> An example of an automatic compaction config is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic compaction config example:
```

Compaction tasks fail when higher priority tasks cause Druid to revoke their locks. By default, realtime tasks like ingestion have a higher priority than compaction tasks. Therefore frequent conflicts between compaction tasks and realtime tasks can cause the coordinator's automatic compaction to get stuck.
You may see this issue with streaming ingestion from Kafka and Kinesis, which ingest late-arriving data. To mitigate this problem, set `skipOffsetFromLatest` to a value large enough so that arriving data tends to fall outside the offset value from the current time. This way you can avoid conflicts between compaction tasks and realtime ingestion tasks.

###### Automatic compaction tuningConfig

Auto-compaction supports a subset of the [tuningConfig for Parallel task](../ingestion/native-batch.md#tuningconfig).

> The below is a list of the supported configurations for auto-compaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the supported configurations for auto-compaction.
```

|`queryGranularity`|The resolution of timestamp storage within each segment. Defaults to 'null', which preserves the original query granularity. Accepts all [Query granularity](../querying/granularities.md) values.|No|
|`rollup`|Whether to enable ingestion-time rollup or not. Defaults to 'null', which preserves the original setting. Note that once data is rollup, individual records can no longer be recovered. |No|

###### Automatic compaction dimensionsSpec

|Field|Description|Required|
|-----|-----------|--------|
|`dimensions`| A list of dimension names or objects. Defaults to 'null', which preserves the original dimensions. Note that setting this will cause segments manually compacted with `dimensionExclusions` to be compacted again.|No|

###### Automatic compaction transformSpec

|Field|Description|Required|
|-----|-----------|--------|
|`filter`| The `filter` conditionally filters input rows during compaction. Only rows that pass the filter will be included in the compacted segments. Any of Druid's standard [query filters](../querying/filters.md) can be used. Defaults to 'null', which will not filter any row. |No|

###### Automatic compaction ioConfig

> Auto-compaction supports a subset of the [IOConfig for Parallel task](../ingestion/native-batch.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-compaction supports a subset of the [IOConfig for Parallel task](../ingestion/native-batch.md).
```
```suggestion
Auto-compaction supports a subset of the [ioConfig for Parallel task](../ingestion/native-batch.md).
```
